Remove Hound from guide (#234)
18F/development-guide: _guide/_pages/css/linting.md

to the rules in the styleguide. This linting tool will go through all Sass code
and issue warnings wherever the code differs from the styleguide. We've created
a specific [`.scss-lint.yml` file][scss-lint yaml] that's configured to work

> with the css coding styleguide. There are two ways to setup linting:

Reviewer: It existed previously, but I believe "setup" here in the verb form should be two words:

```suggestion
with the css coding styleguide. There are two ways to set up linting:
```

https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/setup#note-1
